As always.
First let's check out it looks like right now.
And so we can see over here that we have the master image that is stretched stretched out on here in
this rain.
And as we hover over here right and it's actually appearing and reappearing again.
So maybe over here let's actually refresh right now what we would need to do is actually go ahead and
add equerries.
So what I'm going to do here.
We're going to go back over here and what we're going to say is that once actually there's a meteor
screenwriter we're going to see media screen here and I'm going to say and I'm not going to we're going
to start with men with here.
We're going to say five seventy six.
You're doing this right.
And they're all going to have a team center.
So I'm going to say here that we would want a hash tag team Center team and they're all here or here
would we would want is actually we would want a man with or minimum or maximum with lights or can say
minimax right.
So let's go with men men with here and don't going to say this is going to be 90.
Were you with or here than the margin.
We're here we're going to leave it the way it is.
Right so 0 1 0 0 0 on here knowing this I'm going to place it in the center.
Then after that we would want to display and display flex here.
Right now we can say this and let's actually see what we got.
All right so now we have how many.
Right.
So we have a team here and we have four of them all in one line.
So here we're going to do is we're going to say first justify Canton's space between justify current
and space between.
And then we're going to have a flex.
All right.
And we can just go and check it out.
It looks like right now.
So I would say this refresh rate and nothing has changed.
So what we would want is we would want to actually have a flex wrap.
So here we're going to say is we want to flex wrap or here we're going to say wrap or healing this right
now is going to be wrapping.
And then let's talk to the actual single item I'm going to say team member here and here we're going
to write flex and again 0 0 for flaggers grow and flex drink Coke here calculating.
And this is going to be 50 percent minus 10 pixels or here like this.
All right.
So then we can save this.
This is going to be for the small screen now so we really know how to do it to make it right.
So what we're going to do is was going to copy and paste this or here and we can grab this guy over
here to 776 get rid of all this here.
It's not necessary.
Change this one to 25 here.
We're going to save this on here and let's just take it on what we have when we refresh.
Right.
You can see these are going to be 10 pixels.
Now it's going to be four of them on here.
This right.
If we got a smaller screen now it's going to be two of them.
If we go to the small screen there's only one of them.
However as I'm hovering You can see that the image is showing here this icon.
And what happens if I want to turn the icon right.
Only thing I need to do is actually hover over the icon.